Intro
I have planted the seeds of my love for you
My prayer thrives in a peaceful life for you
I believe the seed of your love, has entered my heart
Didn't I  understand your wish
I haven't looked at the others
If you miss me just say you miss me, don't always fight
We have to protect our relationship
The person who I love, I make my heart back
Don't fight, my dear
Try not to believe if it's just what people out there are saying
I work, to support you and prosper your heart
Music
Focus on work to live and prosper
Family and the loved ones
I'm waiting, I'm waiting...
Huooooo.....
Didn't I  understand your wish
I haven't looked at the others
If you miss me just say you miss me, don't always fight
We have to protect our relationship
The person who I love, I make my heart back
Don't fight, my dear
Try not to believe if it's just what people out there are saying
I work, to support you and prosper your heart
The person who I love, I make my heart back
Don't fight, my dear
Try not to believe if it's just what people out there are saying
I work, to support you and prosper your heart
Music